>> Estelle Weyl: Okay, so the next,
>> Estelle Weyl: Pseudo
class I wanted to talk about is :root,
it matches the root element.
In HTML that is the HTML,
if you're going to declare a rem unit,
that is the correct thing to do.
You could use HTML and
declare it there, but
then it would only match
your HTML documents.
It would not match anything else.
>> Estelle Weyl: Style :root only
if showing head, I've no clue what
I've meant by that, but
root basically doesn't show.
But I'm actually showing it, because
how do you think I did this slide so
that you could edit everything,
anyone know?
>> Estelle Weyl: Right here in these,
I did head display block.
Hide everything in the head except for
the last CSS
style block that has the class or
the ID of editme.
And that is the only one
that is actually showing.
So you're actually editing the style
sheet at the top of the page.
And so
there's no JavaScript in all of these.
There is JavaScript to make
it go left to right, but
I actually have a slide deck where
there's absolutely no JavaScript.
And if I come up with another reason
to show it to you, I'll show it to you.
Okay, so empty and blank.
>> Estelle Weyl: Empty has support,
and it's an empty element.
So all the elements that
are self-closing like an image or
an input,
>> Estelle Weyl: Are empty elements.
They are empty elements by default.
But any element that has no content in it,
no spaces, is also empty.
If it only has a comment and
the comment goes from the beginning
to the end, it is empty.
If it has just a white space, it is blank.
But blank is not supported
in browsers yet.
It is supported as :-moz-whitespace-only,
so it is possible.
>> Estelle Weyl: And
I'm just gonna get rid of this.
Okay, I just wanted to make sure there
was nothing at the bottom of the page.
So empty elements that
are just basically the HTML
elements that are defined as empty,
those are automatically matched by empty.
As well as empty elements that
are not normally empty, but
they have no content in
them other than a comment.
So that's empty, and
blank is not supported yet.
>> Estelle Weyl: I very rarely,
if ever, use this one.
I would like to actually use
:-moz-whitespace-only or
blank when I'm doing content
management systems, CSS.
And people are doing it because they
it often adds just extra spaces at
the bottom accidentally.
And they don't know to remove all the
paragraphs with not breaking space inside.